Blogging.
So when we try to Attash our house profile to a specific cause of course in real environment we should
go to the hospital fight right here and Attash I'll do cluster or all the different hosts in one time
to provide.
But just to get the idea I was going to do it one by one but in a room you can't do step one by one
because it will take a lot of time.
So we got to do a host and we got to provide.
And no we chose Attash Post profile.
So it will show you all the different hosts profile available.
We chose the one that we want.
Then skip hospitalization check this one you might need to customize the house later.
So we want to customize the host's right now.
Then next
then it's good to have the customization configuration that necessary to audits.
So if you remember it Padre's demarc eyes cause the unit to add a configuration so no we have the MAC
address is empty you need to add one.
The IP address etc. you need to add them one by one to have weight that conferee.
That's of course we're not going to do this step.
Let's go to the e6.
I host do provide.
And what do you see then we have the highest profile this customization specification for the virtual
machine we talk about in the preview calls and create some Noko summarization fight for Windows and
Linux machine.
Now we've got to the hospital fight and we gotta do this config of the hosts profile.
So how do you see the default about to do this config from E6 I want the hosts profile looking what
you see best configured the name.
This is the description they created on last modification and non-compliant 0 0 compliant 0 then summary
about the configuration domain that cost it's one in the network configuration.
It's just a quick information about this hospital right.
They are monitored to check any issue or task the compliance if you have any compliance error them then
the configuration of course you can it is the configuration of this host provide disks that we saw when
we did the hospital fight.
So we took any attack and you can make it it's in and the house attaches to this post profile.
So what we're going to do will try to avoid that customization.
Step customize the IP address and so on.
So we got it sitting and we tried to get only the seating that we want to apply to different tasks.
In my situation we have the data on time.
If we make a change but on time.
So I would chose a date like that.
So at the end we have that option.
How does it do that and time.
So if you remember we appear it before the rest of the A.P. we chose to be remember with pretty automatic
little connect to the A.P. server.
So this is the thing that we did.
So no we want to apply the configuration of the original setting that on time and hot date time configuration.
So let's create our not break.
And we chose the different option that we want.
For example date and time exist in G all sistem 16.
Then we have the other Awam that's clearly what we would do.
This is H.
Remember we talk about it how does it do it.
H it is it the one that we want and S H.
Exist in the serious Feig and into serious coffee again.
Also we have end t be the option response from the stop and then start the service with the host start
service now and configure it to start and stop the hosts or start automatically if any part are open
or start on stock money.
So we have far and stop now.
So we need this service to export it to the different Trost because we change the setting of the from
money really to connect automatically.
So in the BT exist in the service coffee
then you have the shell option.
Yes.
This is the one that I saw for the shell.
If you check this one this is the name of do Isak's I said.
And this one is etch.
So we have this one start to sit on it to start and stop with the host.
You remember we Changi Tristan stop with the host and this one start the series and I think to start
and stop the.
So these two options that we want so we get this one right here.
Like that's this one is shared and the preview one for is etch.
So this is the different services that we want to export.
So we simply close this one sort I mean Mikami stick discussed this one.
Then we eat it sitting.
And we try to only check do what we want.
So for example Next let's start with the first one but and that exist in our city.
So the general seating.
We click on this.
Of course we need to check this one and check only the one that we want.
What is it.
It Up system 16.
We have that time.
So click on this one and this one automatically Chicot so that our time is OK.
Then we have the t s m s h exist in service coffee service config because this one we go to a network
we don't need any think about network security.
And is close.
This one way and check out the option.
Then we got to security and the city
or into service call fee.
Then we have serious conflict and there we have the D S M and M S H.
So we Chiquitos to one that we want to export.
Then we have inti deeply into service config.
And the DP service config that is in ration about the time zone.
So we in cheek are other things that we want.
For example this one we don't need to export any Stoneheart population.
Also we don't export any other wants of coffee sitting.
So we do want those who want to click Finish.
No we enable only those options that we want to use in our environment.
Of course if you have any firewall work on you can check the firewall configuration if you want to export
but to apply the power system configuration to argue it is because I host you cheek the one and so on
and so on.
So next we'll try to connect our is Clay has this profile.
So you don't expect.